.. _notices-and-disclaimers:



Notices and Disclaimers
=======================


Intel technologies may require enabled hardware, software or service
activation.


No product or component can be absolutely secure.


Your costs and results may vary.


© Intel Corporation. Intel, the Intel logo, and other Intel marks are
trademarks of Intel Corporation or its subsidiaries. Other names and
brands may be claimed as the property of others.


No license (express or implied, by estoppel or otherwise) to any
intellectual property rights is granted by this document.


The products described may contain design defects or errors known as
errata which may cause the product to deviate from published
specifications. Current characterized errata are available on request.


Intel disclaims all express and implied warranties, including without
limitation, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a
particular purpose, and non-infringement, as well as any warranty
arising from course of performance, course of dealing, or usage in
trade.


MPEG-1, MPEG-2, MPEG-4, H.261, H.263, H.264, MP3, DV, VC-1, MJPEG, AC3,
AAC, G.711, G.722, G.722.1, G.722.2, AMRWB, Extended AMRWB (AMRWB+),
G.167, G.168, G.169, G.723.1, G.726, G.728, G.729, G.729.1, GSM AMR, GSM
FR are international standards promoted by ISO, IEC, ITU, ETSI, 3GPP and
other organizations. Implementations of these standards, or the standard
enabled platforms may require licenses from various entities, including
Intel Corporation.


Java is a registered trademark of Oracle and/or its affiliates.


Microsoft, Windows, and the Windows logo are trademarks, or registered
trademarks of Microsoft Corporation in the United States and/or other
countries.


Third Party
-----------


Intel® Integrated Performance Primitives (Intel® IPP) includes content
from several 3rd party sources that was originally governed by the
licenses referenced below:


-  zlib library:


   zlib.h -- interface of the 'zlib' general purpose compression library
   version 1.2.8, April 28th, 2013


   Copyright (C) 1995-2013 Jean-loup Gailly and Mark Adler


   This software is provided 'as-is', without any express or implied
   warranty. In no event will the authors be held liable for any damages
   arising from the use of this software.


   Permission is granted to anyone to use this software for any purpose,
   including commercial applications, and to alter it and redistribute
   it freely, subject to the following restrictions:


   #. The origin of this software must not be misrepresented; you must
      not claim that you wrote the original software. If you use this
      software in a product, an acknowledgment in the product
      documentation would be appreciated but is not required.
   #. Altered source versions must be plainly marked as such, and must
      not be misrepresented as being the original software.
   #. This notice may not be removed or altered from any source
      distribution.


   Jean-loup Gailly Mark Adler


   jloup@gzip.org madler@alumni.caltech.edu


-  bzip2:


   Copyright © 1996 - 2015 `julian@bzip.org <MAILTO:JULIAN@BZIP.ORG>`__

